{\rtf1\adeflang1065\ansi\ansicpg1256\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset1\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\f39\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 020b0609020204030204}Consolas;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f50\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f51\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f54\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f55\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f56\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f57\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f58\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f410\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\f411\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\f430\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Consolas CE;}{\f431\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Consolas Cyr;}{\f433\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Consolas Greek;}
{\f434\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Consolas Tur;}{\f437\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Consolas Baltic;}{\f438\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Consolas (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red43\green145\blue175;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\rtlpar \qr \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1065 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1065 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \sqformat Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid13978052}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator AshkanNegin}
{\creatim\yr2011\mo6\dy3\hr18\min13}{\revtim\yr2011\mo6\dy3\hr18\min18}{\version2}{\edmins5}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2630}{\nofchars12397}{\nofcharsws14998}{\vern32771}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves1\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot13978052 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnqc\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1065 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Acknowledgements
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 There is not any human that he learned everything he knows alone. By no means I am not an exception. I want to thank all of my profes
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
sors and teachers who thought me, specially my C++ professor Mr. kalantar. I learned from many websites that they are the result of charity works, so I want to thank founders of wikipedia and many other websites that I can not remember.\line 
In everyone's life\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
his family and friends have a great impact on him and his situation. I learned much from my family and friends and they have a big share of this nothing that I have. Always they are many things which directly or indirectly affect you; I want to thank them
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
too. As I read somewhere, last but not least I want to thank God who always helped me and never forget me. We always forget him but he never forget us. surely without his help I could not do anything, I should thank him for all of the things that I have, 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 f\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
or finding unity (I don't remember how I found this great piece of life) for having a good family and a good friend. For all of the happenings that seemed random to me but they were his works and for everything that is available.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\ab\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 first we describe editor \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 scripts and then the static class.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 in most cases you use editor menus to create the objects that you want in your scene but if what you are creating is really procedural or if you want to reduce the web player size by reducing scene sizes then you can use 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
the class to do what you want. rectangular placement is not available in the class because it's really easy to make rectangular placement using cubical placement with cubes of height 0 or depth 0. adding that to the class just grows it's size and don't re
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 a\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
lly help. the fact is that i first made the rectangular placement and then the cubical one but did not removed the first from editor scripts. even the code is different but i let it remain there because it might teach you some coding practices. the source
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 code to all of the code is available however the code don't have much comments because it's easy to understand.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Editor functionallity
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 when you import this package a menu called "Placement" will be added to your GameObject menu in editor. all wizards and co\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
mmands are located there. just tile editor window that is located in window menu and create prefab from selection which is in GameObject menu itself.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Place Rectangular wizard}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 this wizard allows you to create a rectangle of objects with different fill modes\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  in your scene. \line item: is the main gameObject that you want to put in your rectangle\line 
item 2: the gameObject that you might want to put in places that they are empty in the using fill mode.\line Fill Empty Places With Item 2: if this checkbox is turned on, the \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
cript creates instances of item 2 in places that they should be empty (i.e we should not place item in them).\line Middle: is the specified position center of the rectangle or it's botom left corner.\line 
position: position of the rectangle in your scene in world s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ace.\line width: width of the rectangle (along x axis).\line 
height: height of the rectangle (along y/z axis). width and height are the number of objects in each dimentions of the rectangle. use equal numbers for creating a square.\line Tile Size: distance of each objec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  from the sorounding objects.\line 
it means that if you use 5 and 10 for width and height and use 1 for tile size, then a rectangle of 50 objects will be created and the distance of each gameobject along both x and y/z with others is 1.\line fillMode: the filling b
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 haviour of the script.\line \tab fill: a rectangle full of "item" gameObject.\line \tab empty: a rectangle that it's borders are created with "item" gameObject \tab 
and it's empty. you can full inside of the rectangle if you want by \tab checking "Fill Empty Places With item 2".\line \tab \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Y\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
esNo: in this mode the border of the rectangle will be created by "item" and grid cells inside the rectangle will be filled if their vertical & horizontal index is \tab odd. \tab 
test it to see what it does. it's really helpful in some type of levels. if you choo\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e even numbers for width/height, their value will be increased by one automatically.\line 
Vertical: if this checkbox is turned on the rectangle will be created vertically on x,y plane and if you turn it off, the rectangle will be created on x,z plane.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Place Cir\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 cular Wizard}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 this wizard creates objects in a circular pattern and allows you to create circles with the same center easily and beautifully. just new properties will be described.\line Center: center of the circle.\line Radius: radius of the circle.\line 
Object Count on \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 radius: number of objects from the center on a radius toward outside (the object in center is not counted).\line 
Object Count On Border: number of objects on the border of the circle (i.e number of radiuses that we should create using objects).\line all other optio\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
s are the same as wizards described before.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Place Cubical wizard }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
this wizard creates a cube of objects for you and the only difference between this script and rectangular is that this script don't have any "vertical" option and has a new property called de\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pth.\line 
width is along x and height is along y so depth is along z axis.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Place Randomly on a sphere wizard}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 this scripts create the number of objects that you specified and places them inside a specified sphere in random positions. this is really useful for cr\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 eating game pickups and coins.\line 
Object Count: it's the number of objects that you want to create.\line inside: should we place objects inside the sphere or only on it's surface. if you turn it on then we put objects inside the sphere and if you turn it off we p
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t objects on surface of the specified sphere.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Place randomly on a cube wizard }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
this scripts creates the specified number of objects in "objectCount" property andplaces them in the specified cube in random positions.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 as you see the first set of wizards creat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
e the shape of a rectangle or circle or sphere using objects but the random wizards create objects in the amount that you choose and place them in the specified shape randomly but if the difference is not clear just test them.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Tile Editor}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  tile editor is an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 editor window and not a simple wizard. it's not too complex but there was no way to show 2d bool arrays in a wizard so i had to create this window. it was alot of more code and the vector3 field has a different look. this script allow you to create a rec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
angle with objects of type object1 and object2. you will choose the width and height of the rectangle and then you have a board of checkboxes to choose objects. each checked checkbox means in that place an object of object one will be placed and in unchec
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 k\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ed positions an object of type object2 will be placed. \line object1: the first object type, we put it in checked positions. usually wall or something like that.\line 
object2: the object to place in unchecked positions, usually a coin object or so.\line Middle: the spec\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
fied position will be the center of the tile instead of botom left if you check this option.\line 
Fill Empty Places: if you uncheck this, you will not see any object in unchecked cells of the tileset. if you check this object2 will be placed in unchecked cells.\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  the default value is checked.\line 
Start Position: the botom left of the rectangle of tiles. if you check middle then it will be the center of the rectangle.\line width: width of the tile set.\line height: height of the tile set. changing these values will change the s
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ze of the checkbox board and the tile. changing these removes all tickes from checkboxes.\line tile size: the distance between objects in the tile.\line 
board: then you have the board of checkboxes to check or uncheck them. there is a group of buttons below the boa\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d to help you create the tileset you want even quicker.\line 
Check All: checks all boxes.\line Clear All: clears all boxes.\line Revert All: reverts all boxes. checked boxes will become unchecked and unchecked boxes will become checked.\line Check Border: check all boxes inb\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 rder of the tile. most of the times you need to fill borders with walls.\line Check border and clean others: this will check all borders and uncheck all other boxes.\line 
Create: if you choose objects for object1 and object2 and enter valid numbers in numeric field\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 s\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
, you will see a create button to create the tile set. if you uncheck "fill empty places" checkbox then you don't need to choose an object for object2.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 PutOnGround}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 this menu command will be available when you choose a gameObject with a collider attached. w\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
hen you choose this menu, the selected gameObject will reduce it's y position to a value that puts it exactly on the surface of the collider below it. it might seems unuseful because of the raycast placement option of the scene view but we created it befo
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 e development of that feature and it's sometimes handier than that.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 PutOnMiddleOf}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 this menu is available when you select a gameObject with a collider attached. this menu command puts the selected gameObject on the surface of the collider below it and on it\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
's center. it's usefull in scenarios that you want to put something in middle of a table or ...
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Create prefab from selection }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
this menu item is in GameObject menu itself (is not in placement sub-menu), if you select a gameObject in your scene and click on t\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
his menu, a prefab will be created and this gameObject will be assigned to that prefab. name of the prefab would be gameobject's name + pb.prefab and the prefab will be placed in a folder called prefabs in your root project folder. this will be useful bef
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 re lucas's drag script will become available for us that allows us to drag object to project view and make prefabs out of them. the script also can be activated by CTRL+1.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs24\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 RunTIme Class
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 static classPlacement}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 this class is a static class with some useful me\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
thods to do the functionallity above at runtime. there might be scenarios that you want to create circular set of objects at runtimes in visualizations and screen savers or even in normal games. did you think of a magic ball effect. create a circular set 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 o\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
f balls with specular materials and rotate them around the center. sometimes all of your objects can be placed procedurally without the need to put them in your scene and increase the size of your web player. you must notice that creating many objects at 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 r\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 untime is slow and should be done with care and doing it in platforms like android is not a good idea in general. 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 class functions
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 all functions will return if they were successful or not. that can not perform their tasks with wrong numbers or null gameObj\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ects.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 public}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 static}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 CreateCircular(}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Vector3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  center, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  radius, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 uint}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  objectCountOnRadius, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 uint}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  objectCountOnBorder, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  vertical)
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
all of the properties are described above in wizards. as you see objectCount is a unsigned integer because negative numbers are not meaningful for this argument. in ScriptableWizards public uint can not be shown so we had to use int instead.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 public}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 static}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 CreateCubical(}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item2, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Vector3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  position, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  width, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  height, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
float}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  depth, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  tileSize, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 FillMode}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  fill)
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 if item2 is not null then item2 will be placed in empty places in applicable fillModes. there is not any bool val
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
ue for PutObjectsInEmptyPlaces or so. pass null as item2 if you don't want to put anything in empty places. you can use height/depth of 1 for making rectangles. as you see the position is always the corner and you need to calculate the center if you need 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 i\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
t yourself. we removed it because less arguments is a good practice. simply decrease the value of x by width/2 and y by height/2 and z by depth/2 to make the position you want the center of the cube. you can see the editor scripts source for the code exam
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 p\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 le.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 public}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 static}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 CreateRandomInsideSphere(}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Vector3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  position, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  radius, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 uint}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  objectCount)
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
this method creates objects inside a sphere randomly and there is not any bool value for placing objects on the sphere's surface. less args}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 p\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 ublic}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 static}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  CreateRandomOnSphere(}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Vector3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  position, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  radius, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 uint}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  objectCount)
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 this method is the same as the last one but place objects on surface of the sphere.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 public}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 static}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 CreateRandomInsideCube(}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Vector3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  position, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  width, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  height, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  depth, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
uint}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  objectCount)
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 this method creates random objects in a cube.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 public}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 static}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 CreateTileFromObjects(}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item1, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item2, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 [,] tiles, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 Vector3}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  position, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 float}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  tileSize)
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
this method is the runtime version of tile editor window. you can read the bool array from file or fill it with random values or any other source that you want. again item2 can be null and then in false cells of the array nothing will be created. there is
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 not any method for checking all array values or any other function like buttons below the board in editor window but you can easily use the code there if you need it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 public}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 static}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 PutOnGround(}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item)
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 this method takes a gameObject and put it\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 on the surface below it. the gameobject should have a collider attached to it.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 public}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 static}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 bool}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 
 PutOnMiddleOf(}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\cf17\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39 GameObject}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af39\afs19 \ltrch\fcs0 \f39\fs19\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af39\dbch\af31505\loch\f39  item)
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 this method takes a gameObject and put it on middle of the surface below it. as you can see in code. center is the center of t
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 he surface's collider and not it's pivot. 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 does it worth the money. i hope that you are happy with the package. tell us if you need a new feature. free updates are not just fun for you, they are fun for us too.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13978052 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 E\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 xample 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 scene
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid13978052 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052\charrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
there is also an example scene which only has two scripts.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052\charrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 One\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  of them generates some spheres with a circular \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 pattern\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 each 10 seconds that is attached to the main camera. the other is attached to pickup prefab (spheres) that destroys the sphere when you move your mouse over it and with a chance of 3 in 100 it creat\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
es a bounch of other spheres in a cubic shape when destroyed. try to clear all spheres before the next set is created. you can extend it and add scoring and ... ot it and publish it on your own.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 Questions and suggestions
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 If you have any que
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 stions regarding this document and package or any other thing about us or MindHammerGames contact us at }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 HYPERLINK "mailto:info@mindhammergames.com" }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b580000006d00610069006c0074006f003a0069006e0066006f0040006d0069006e006400680061006d006d0065007200670061006d00650073002e0063006f006d000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc48527630000
0000a5ab0000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\ul\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 info@mindhammergames.com}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \line \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 please tell us about the quality of this document and package and\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
 readability of script files. This store is new so tell us what you think about the price. If you think there is a tool that can be built witch is useful for many developers/artists tell us to make the tool for you. Continuation of projects like this depe
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 n\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 ds on sails of these packages and our revenue so don't copy or pirate our stuff please.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 About MindHammerGames}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 MHG is a small game development team in Iran. We are the first web 3D developers in Iran and maybe in the entire Middle East. We use unity as our\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  development tool and we are happy about that.
\line We think that games are an important part of anyones life and we can improve our minds and others minds with games and their power.\line We do any kind of development services from complete production to coding an\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 d
\hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  optimizing other's code. Visit our website at }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 
HYPERLINK "http://en.mindhammergames.com/"}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b5600000068007400740070003a002f002f0065006e002e006d0069006e006400680061006d006d0065007200670061006d00650073002e0063006f006d002f000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000
a5ab0000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\ul\cf2\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1 http://en.mindhammergames.com/}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 \hich\af1\dbch\af31505\loch\f1  for more information.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs24\lang9\langfe1033\langnp9\insrsid13978052 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87615b8116d8
a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad79482a9c04
98f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b5d8a314d3c
94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab999fb7b471
7509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9699640f671
9e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd5868b37a088d1
e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d60cf03ac1a5
193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f9e7ef3f2d1
17d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be15c308d3f2
8acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a99793849c26ae6
6252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d32a423279a
668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2af074481847
bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86e877f0034e
16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d3311da9750aa9d0a1cd3e4efca31a3508f6d0c5c5c398602f8e2ebc71591f5b616e24dd893aa3261fb44f95d843b
5974bb5c04f4edafb95b7892ec1108f3f98de75dc97d5772bdff7cc95d94cf672db4b3da0a6557f70db629362d72bcb0431e53c6066acac80d699a6409fb44d0
8741bdce9c0e4971624a2378cceaba830b05366b90e0ea23aaa241845368b0eb9e2612ca8c742851ca251ceccc70256d8d87265dd96361531f186c3d9058edf2
c00eafe8e1fc5c509031bb4d680e9f39a3154de0accc56ae644441edd76156d7429d995bdd88664a9dc3ad50197c38af1a0c16d684060441db02565e85f3b966
0d0713cc48a0ed6ef7dedc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c78ab90980d8a9f0913ee49d62b512b79626fb06dccee2a432bbc60276b9f7dec44b
7904cfbca4f3f6443ab2a49c9c2c41476dafd55c6e7ac8c769db1bc399161ee314bc2e75cf8759081743be1236ec4f4d6693e5336fb672c5dc24a8c33585b5fb
9cc24e1d4885545b58463634cc5416022cd19cacfccb4d30eb45296023fd35a458598360f8d7a4003bbaae25e331f155d9d9a5116d3bfb9a95523e51440ca2e0
088dd844ec6370bf0e55d027a012ae264c45d02f708fa6ad6da6dce29c255df9f6cae0ec38666984b372ab5334cf640b37795cc860de4ae2816e95b21be5ceaf
8a49f90b52a51cc6ff3355f47e0237052b81f6800fd7b802239daf6d8f0b1571a8426944fdbe80c6c1d40e8816b88b8569082ab84c36ff0539d4ff6dce591a26
ade1c0a7f669880485fd484582903d284b26fa4e2156cff62e4b9265844c4495c495a9157b440e091bea1ab8aaf7760f4510eaa69a6465c0e04ec69ffb9e65d0
28d44d4e39df9c1a52ecbd3607fee9cec7263328e5d661d3d0e4f62f44acd855ed7ab33cdf7bcb8ae889599bd5c8b3029895b6825696f6af29c239b75a5bb1e6
345e6ee6c28117e73586c1a2214ae1be07e93fb0ff51e133fb65426fa843be0fb515c187064d0cc206a2fa926d3c902e907670048d931db4c1a44959d366ad93
b65abe595f70a75bf03d616c2dd959fc7d4e6317cd99cbcec9c58b34766661c7d6766ca1a9c1b327531486c6f941c638c67cd22a7f75e2a37be0e82db8df9f30
254d30c1372581a1f51c983c80e4b71ccdd28dbf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f74
68656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f24
51eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198
720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528
a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000
000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000
002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468
656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b000016000000000000000000
00000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000000000
00000000000000009b0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000960a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f0000000000000000000000005038
fde0f421cc01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}